# CSE-5335---mxx6922
Project 1 - Web data 
What server framework did you choose and why? The server side processing for this perticular project is handled in PHP.  There are several factors that impacted my decission like, PHP is easy to host,has shallow learning curve and proper encapsulation, PHP lend itselves to continuously update, tweak and rebuild website at a very less cost and not to forget something as big as Facebook is built on PHP 
What client framework did you choose and why? jquey is used as a client framework in this process as it uses the same CSS selectors that people were using for styling their pages to add behaviour. another reason is that it hides all of those crazy browser inconsistencies making it very simple and flexible to work with.The most intresting part of working with jquery is that the jQuery elements are display even when JavaScript is disabled.It supports cross browser. It's Easy Dom traversing.It also easily integrates with the visual studio IDE.jquery loades the page faster and its librery is free.
What aspect of the implementation did you find easy, if any, and why? Server side implementation of this project was easy as php had all the functions inbuilt to work with api and get json data.  There are a lot of resources to learn PHP and its ease to learn just made the server side data processing simple .
What aspect of the implementation did you find hard, if any, and why? Displaying the json data into a HTML tabular format was hard. It is a quite easy language to learn but its flexibility to implement a function in multiple ways just confused me even more.
What components OTHER than your client and server framework did you install,if any, and if so, what is their purpose for your solution? This project does not require any installations.
What Ubuntu commands are required to deploy and run your server?
